docs: add information regarding session and organization security settings (#1223)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/console/settings.md

* profile information
* theme
* login information
* session information
* account delete

> ### Session Information
> 
> The **Session Information** section allows you to fine-tune session configuration to align with your security requirements. You can modify the default session lifespan of 90 days, providing more flexibility to meet your specific security and compliance needs.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Session Information

In the **Session Information** section, you can adjust the session configuration. You can modify the default session lifespan of 90 days, this customization helps ensure compliance with organization security policies.

```
